Check it out here: https://lorem-ipsum-salaarshafi.netlify.app/

This is a project in which you can input the number of paragraphs you want and click on the generate button and it will provide you with that many paragraphs equal to the input value. However if the number typed in is 0 or less than 0 you will recieve a message saying "Oops can't give you nothing".

For the input and generate button a form jsx element is displayed and onChange is used in the input html element to set the numOfOrders state, to the e.target.value which means the input tag's value. The generate button is a submit type button, which means an onSubmit attribute is defined in the form element and when the button is clicked the onSubmit attribute runs the function present in it called handleSubmit. This handleSubmit function sets another state orders equal to the numOfOrders state. Since every time a setState function from useState is run the whole program runs again and a while function is defined which takes the orders state and while it's value is greater than 0 it uses another variable called paraindex which by default is set to zero, to use this as an index and obtain the corresponding paragraph from a data array of paragraphs and pushes this paragraph to a paras array. Every time this action is performed the orders state is decremented and paraindex variable is incremented. However every loop the paraindex variable is checked whether it is equal to the length of the data array, if so it is again set to 0 so as to set a loop and not cause an error. 

A ternary operator establishes whether the para array has any data in it. If yes it returns those paras which were already pushed into it enclosed in html elements since they came from the data array, otherwise it returns nothing. Also the numOfOrders state is evaluated by short circuit evaluation, whether it is less than or equal to zero. When true an error is shown saying "Oops can't give you nothing".
